Rover: Update documentation (#3377)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_modes_rover/manual.md

# Manual Modes (Rover)

Manual modes require stick inputs from the user to drive the vehicle.

![Manual Controls](../../assets/airframes/rover/flight_modes/rover_manual_controls.png)

The manual modes listed below provide increasing levels of autopilot support:

| Mode                           | Features                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Manual](#manual-mode)         | Directly map stick inputs to motor commands, no closed loop control.                                       |

> | [Acro](#acro-mode)             | Closed loop yaw rate control.                                                                              |

Reviewer: 1. Three column table showing what is supported for Differential, Ackermann, Features? (like your other table)
2. What are open loop and closed loop yaw rate control? (Hint, I do know, but the readers may not, and for most of this _should not need to_). 

   For this whole doc, the audience here is as far as possible a high school kid. Assume they know as little as possible about control theory as possible. Minimally it should _start_ with this assumption, and only go to the detail when you absolutely have to. You can look at the FC and MC docs for inspiration. 
   
   You want to give a flavour to what this means for driving - i.e. how does closed loop yaw rate control make acro "better" than manual.
   
   This is like the dummies version I mention below https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/3377/files#r1764257980

   "Yaw rate is controlled, providing better cornering ..."

Hope that makes sense?

Author: Updated this table with more and easier to understand information [here](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/blob/cd3233a9ace5fe1a14e95b1a4081b57958c60c55/en/flight_modes_rover/differential.md?plain=1#L21-L26).

> | [Stabilized](#stabilized-mode) | Closed loop yaw rate and yaw control.                                                                      |

Reviewer: Ditto - the "both" might be

```suggestion
| [Stabilized](#stabilized-mode) | Closed loop yaw rate and yaw control (holds direction better when yaw is not applied).                                                                     |
```

Author: Added [here](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/3377/files#diff-dd65fbcd095c40befe925ee616cdb0679de431aac441983568baf7b8e23ed9c5R25),

| [Position](#position-mode)     | Closed loop yaw rate, yaw, and speed control, and uses GPS coordinates for improved straight line driving. |

## Manual Mode

<Badge type="tip" text="Differential" /><Badge type="tip" text="Ackermann" />

The _Manual_ mode stops the rover when the RC control sticks are centred.
To manually move/drive the vehicle you move the sticks outside of the centre.

- [**Differential Rover**](../frames_rover/differential_rover.md): Moving the left-stick up/down controls the _forward speed_ and moving the right-stick left/right controls the _yaw rate_ of the vehicle.

> - [**Ackermann Rover**](../frames_rover/ackermann_rover.md): Moving the left-stick up/down controls the _forward speed_ and moving the right-stick left/right controls the _steering angle_ of the vehicle.

Reviewer: This is true for all modes right? The difference is that in some modes you do closed loop control over the rate/angle?

Author: Well the end-effect is the same, but in some modes the stick inputs are mapped to motor commands and in some they are mapped to setpoints for the control system. I tried to clarify this with the tables for the stick inputs i added [here](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/3377/files#diff-dd65fbcd095c40befe925ee616cdb0679de431aac441983568baf7b8e23ed9c5R28-R94).

::: info
The rover does not attempt to maintain a specific orientation or compensate for external factors like slopes or uneven terrain!

> The user is responsible for making the necessary adjustments to the stick inputs to keep the rover on the desired course.

Reviewer: Ah, the dummies version! This is what we want first! Does not have to be in an info box.

:::

## Acro Mode

> <Badge type="tip" text="Differential" />

Reviewer: FYI I added badging to show what is supported, and the warning below to note what is _not_ supported.

Author: I split the flight modes for ackermann and differential in 9be54ba so i removed them again.

Author: I split the flight modes for ackermann and differential in 9be54ba so i removed them again.

::: warning
Acro mode is not supported for Ackermann rovers (only differential rovers).
:::

::: info

> This mode requires a yaw rate estimate.

Reviewer: For MC we needed up-front information about the modes, such as requires GPS, because a vehicle might not have GPS. 
But why does a user need to know this up front? I would say it is detail you would only add if we have lots of things that are preconditions, and even so, that box would appear after the "for dummies" explanation of the mode.

:::

> Acro Mode is similar to [Manual mode](#manual-mode), but with closed-loop yaw rate control.

Reviewer: Start with the dummies version to give a "feel. Something like (I assume this is the point)

```suggestion
Acro Mode is similar to [Manual mode](#manual-mode) except that closed-loop yaw rate control is used to maintain a yaw rate setpoint, which improves cornering behaviour, and makes it easier to maintain a straight line.
```

Same for the rest.

:::

::: info
This mode requires a yaw rate and yaw estimate.
:::

As with [Acro mode](#acro-mode), the left-stick input remains open-loop for forward speed control, while the right stick input commands a desired yaw rate setpoint, which is then maintained by the rover's closed-loop control system.

In addition, the rover will do closed loop yaw (or heading) control when the right stick is centered, or in other words if the yaw rate setpoint is zero.
This means that the rover will maintain the current heading if the user only gives throttle input, but no yaw rate input.
Compared to [Acro mode](#acro-mode), this mode is much better at driving in a straight line as it can more effectively reject disturbances.

See the tuning for [Stabilized mode](../frames_rover/differential_rover.md#stabilized-mode) section to go through the necessary setup to use Acro mode for differential rovers.

## Position Mode

<Badge type="tip" text="Differential" />

::: warning
Stabilized mode is not supported for Ackermann rovers (only differential rovers).
:::

::: info
This mode requires a yaw rate, yaw, speed and position estimate.
:::

> This is the most advanced manual mode. It uses _closed loop yaw rate control_, _closed loop speed control_ and a special logic for driving a straight line when there is no yaw rate input.

Reviewer: "This is the most advanced manual mode. " - true but what do you mean by _advanced_? Or to put it another way, in MC we order from easiest/safest/most controlled to hardest/least controlled. The point being that for users we're assuming they want to start safe and work up to hard so we introduce the safest mode first.

This also affects the dummy version explanation. Who is this mode for?

Author: Reworded this [here](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/3377/files#diff-dd65fbcd095c40befe925ee616cdb0679de431aac441983568baf7b8e23ed9c5R77-R93).

Reviewer: Yes, like this a lot.

> In this mode, moving the left-stick up/down commands a desired speed setpoint, and moving the right-stick left and right commands a desired yaw rate setpoint which are both close-loop controlled by the autopilot.

Reviewer: 1. What does setting a speed setpoint do for you in terms of changing the driving? Presumably if cornering the speed will adjust for the yaw setpoint?
2. Did you consider using an accel. setpoint? Matthias changed the MC position mode to this to make it "more like driving" - this seems less like driving.
